# Changelog

Based on KeepAChangelog.
Generated by **Jaepeto.**

## Unreleased

### Added

* Rich-presence-get-request.py

### Fixed

* Typos discovered by codespell

### Removed

* Tox testing

## 4.2.1 - 2021-11-13

### Added

* Full-event-client-example.py

### Changed

* Ipc pipe discovery
* Get_event_loop from baseclient to utils.py

### Fixed

* Up get_ipc_path because pep8 + python funcs return none by default
* Some issues with the new example
* Various non-pythonic issues in client.py

### Removed

* Old, eventually scrapped code

## 4.1.0 - 2021-01-21

### Added

* A time elapsed example

### Changed

* Sphinx docs

### Fixed

* That select_text_channel selects voice channels.
* Common misconception about having to connect client first

### Removed

* Time-elapsed-example.py

## 4.0.0 - 2020-03-30

### Added

* Support for running pypr asynchronously.
* Index.html
* .nojekyll
* Presence() to docs
* Activity to docs
* Index for docs
* Nojeykll because we all hate jekyll
* Quickstart page
* Quickstart nicer
* Changelog and examples page (partially) to docs
* Docs betterer
* End_in
* Images.py
* Help.md
* Flatpak'ed discord socket path

### Changed

* Rename images.py to rich-presence-images.py
* Rename help.md to client-authorize-example.md
* Method name to just get_event_loop at request from neko

### Fixed

* Potential python 3.5 compatibility issue
* Missing import for pypresenceexception

### Removed

* Unused "sent" variable
* Pycache
* Icky neko residue
* .nojekyll

## 3.1.0 - 2018-10-04

### Added

* Python 3.5 support
* Release to dist because qwerty likes it? baka.
* Some more examples to readme.
* New response object to make using payloads easier. (3.0)
* Shorthand for payload's data.
* Messy repr code
* License to dist, ensure universal wheel is generated
* Project to readme


### Changed

* Url to my new repo name

### Removed

* Unneeded build dir

## 2.1.1 - 2018-08-10

### Added

* Utils.py
* Clear() (beta)
* Contributing.md
* Presence.clear to docs
* Clear_activity to docs
* Register_event function to register events with the lib.
* Event registering and auto sub and unsub
* Events to docs
* Loop arg

### Changed

* For new class
* Improved spaghetti code quality

### Removed

* Pypresence.iml
* Modules.xml

## 1.0.7 - 2018-04-29

### Added

* Final commands and removed debug
* Pipe number to docs
* Presence.py
* Utils.py

### Changed

* Readme.md
* __init__.py
* Presence.py
* Client.py
* Utils.py
* For new class
* Rich-presence-loop.py
* Rich-presence.py
* Rich-presence-cpu-usage.py
* Setup.py
* Pkg-info
* Exceptions.py
* Improved spaghetti code quality

## 1.0.0 - 2018-04-13

### Added

* License
* Macos and win64 support
* Exceptions.py
* __init__.py
* Setup.py

### Changed

* Rename pypresence.py to client.py
* Rename presence-test.py to rich-presence.py
* Rename quotes.py to rich-presence-loop.py

### Fixed

* The example because stupid mistakes
* Docs for new version
